Add proper protocols documentation (#861)
qiboteam/qibocal: doc/source/protocols/flux/crosstalk.rst

Flux crosstalk experiments
==========================

In this section we show how to run flux crosstalk experiments.

As we saw in :ref:`flux` the external flux affecting a qubit line :math:`i`
will receive contributions from other qubits

.. math::

    \Phi_i = \sum_{j} C_{ij} V_j +  \Phi_i^{\text{offset}} \quad ,

> which means that transmon frequency can change when current is applied

Reviewer: ```suggestion
which means that the transmon frequency can change when current is applied
```

effects it is suggested to bias the qubit away.

Here is a possible runcard where we measure the crosstalk on qubit 2
caused by qubit 3 and 0.

Parameters
^^^^^^^^^^

.. autoclass:: qibocal.protocols.flux_dependence.qubit_crosstalk.QubitCrosstalkParameters
  :noindex:

Example
^^^^^^^

.. code-block:: yaml

    - id: qubit crosstalk
      operation: qubit_crosstalk
      targets: [2]
      parameters:
        bias_point:
            2: 0.25
        bias_step: 0.001
        bias_width: 0.05
        drive_amplitude: 0.002
        drive_duration: 4000
        flux_qubits: [0, 3]
        freq_step: 200000
        freq_width: 10000000
        nshots: 1024
        relaxation_time: 20000

.. image:: qubit_crosstalk.png

The previous runcard aims at extracting the crosstalk coefficients
:math:`C_{20}` and :math:`C_{23}`.

Requirements
^^^^^^^^^^^^

- :ref:`qubit_flux`

.. _resonator_crosstalk:

Resonator crosstalk
-------------------

In a similar fashion it is possible to repeat the previous experiment
by sweeping the readout frequency. Note that in this case it will be
necessary to bias the qubit away from its sweetspot more to observe

> significant variations.

Reviewer: I'm not sure to understand why it should matter more than for the qubit

Author: If you compute the resonator frequency as a function of flux you will notice that the frequency shifts less compare to the qubit. 
See for example this [report]( http://login.qrccluster.com:9000/HYb096zXSx-Fn2K4IlPXBQ==/ ) and this [one](http://login.qrccluster.com:9000/-3mMHcYTRWKi1oe-IudMyw==/). In order to observe a shift in resonator frequency we need to put significantly more flux compare to the qubit.
In these crosstalk experiments you need to be already at a point which you are kinda detuned from the sweetspot.

Parameters
^^^^^^^^^^

.. autoclass:: qibocal.protocols.flux_dependence.resonator_crosstalk.ResCrosstalkParameters
  :noindex:

Example
^^^^^^^

.. code-block:: yaml

    - id: resonator crosstalk
      operation: resonator_crosstalk
      targets: [2]
      parameters:
        bias_point:
            2: 0.5
        bias_step: 0.01
        bias_width: 0.4
        flux_qubits: [0, 3]
        freq_step: 100000
        freq_width: 6000000
        nshots: 2000

.. image:: resonator_crosstalk.png

As we can see, even by bias the qubit away we are not able to see

> a dependence by only a shift in frequency which is expected by biasing the qubit.

Reviewer: I'm not sure of what this sentence should say

> As we can see, even by bias the qubit away we are not able to see
> a dependence by only a shift in frequency which is expected by biasing the qubit.

Author: ```suggestion
As we can see, even by biasing the qubit away from its sweetspot we are not able to see
a dependence ( a deviation from the straight line) but only a shift.
```
Yeah, the sentence was a bit broken. Is it more understandable now?
